[docs] clarify preload not called in dev mode (#7783)
sveltejs/kit: documentation/docs/30-advanced/20-hooks.md

- `transformPageChunk(opts: { html: string, done: boolean }): MaybePromise<string | undefined>` — applies custom transforms to HTML. If `done` is true, it's the final chunk. Chunks are not guaranteed to be well-formed HTML (they could include an element's opening tag but not its closing tag, for example) but they will always be split at sensible boundaries such as `%sveltekit.head%` or layout/page components.
- `filterSerializedResponseHeaders(name: string, value: string): boolean` — determines which headers should be included in serialized responses when a `load` function loads a resource with `fetch`. By default, none will be included.

> - `preload(input: { type: 'js' | 'css' | 'font' | 'asset', path: string }): boolean` — determines what files should be added to the `<head>` tag to preload it. The method is called with each file that was found at build time while constructing the code chunks — so if you for example have `import './styles.css` in your `+page.svelte`, `preload` will be called with the resolved path to that CSS file when visiting that page. Note that in dev mode `preload` is _not_ called due to this analysis only happening during building your app for production. Preloading can improve performance because things are downloaded sooner, but they can also hurt core web vitals because too many things may be downloaded unnecessarily. By default, `js` and `css` files will be preloaded. `asset` files are not preloaded at all currently, but we may add this later after evaluating feedback.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `preload(input: { type: 'js' | 'css' | 'font' | 'asset', path: string }): boolean` — determines what files should be added to the `<head>` tag to preload it. The method is called with each file that was found at build time while constructing the code chunks — so if you for example have `import './styles.css` in your `+page.svelte`, `preload` will be called with the resolved path to that CSS file when visiting that page. Note that in dev mode `preload` is _not_ called, since it depends on analysis that happens at build time. Preloading can improve performance by downloading assets sooner, but it can also hurt if too much is downloaded unnecessarily. By default, `js` and `css` files will be preloaded. `asset` files are not preloaded at all currently, but we may add this later after evaluating feedback.
```
